[IMP] Recruitment - Update schedule interviews (#19580)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/recruitment/schedule_interviews.rst

Schedule interviews
===================

Once an applicant has reached the *First Interview* stage, it is time to schedule an in-person,
virtual, or phone interview. This can be done in one of two ways through the **Recruitment** app,
either by the :ref:`recruitment team <recruitment/schedule_interviews/recruitment-scheduled>`, or by
the :ref:`applicant <recruitment/schedule_interviews/applicant-scheduled>`.

With one drag and drop, Odoo emails the candidate with a self-service link, the candidate books the

> time slot, and sends the meeting to everyone's calendar. No more back-and-forth emails or calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With a single drag-and-drop action, Odoo sends the applicant an email with a self-service scheduling link. The applicant selects an available time slot, and the meeting is automatically added to the calendars of all participants. This eliminates the need for back-and-forth emails or phone calls.
```
suggestion

Schedule interviews
===================

Once an applicant has reached the *First Interview* stage, it is time to schedule an in-person,
virtual, or phone interview. This can be done in one of two ways through the **Recruitment** app,
either by the :ref:`recruitment team <recruitment/schedule_interviews/recruitment-scheduled>`, or by
the :ref:`applicant <recruitment/schedule_interviews/applicant-scheduled>`.

> With a single drag and drop action, Odoo send the applicant an email with a self-service scheduling

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With a single drag and drop action, Odoo sends the applicant an email with a self-service scheduling
```

   displays :guilabel:`Next Meeting`, with the date of the first upcoming meeting beneath it.

Clicking the :guilabel:`Meetings` smart button loads a calendar, showing the scheduled meetings and
events for the currently signed-in user, as well as the user's favorites configured in the
**Calendar** app. To hide any user's schedules from the calendar, uncheck the box next to their
name.

> To only view the schedules of the user and the interviewers, click :guilabel:`+ Add Attendees` at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view only the schedules of the user and the interviewers, click :guilabel:`+ Add Attendees` at
```

the bottom of the :guilabel:`Attendees` list and add each desired interviewer from the resulting
drop-down menu.

.. image:: schedule_interviews/calendar.png
   :alt: The calendar view, highlighting how to change the displayed meetings.

To add a meeting to the calendar when in the *Day* or *Week* view, click on the start time of the

> meeting and drag down to the end time. Doing so selects the date, time, and the length of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meeting and drag down to the end time. Doing so selects the date, time, and length of the
```

New event pop-up window
-----------------------

Configure the information for the interview on the *New Event* pop-up window. The only required
information is the meeting title, date, and time.

- :icon:`fa-tag` :guilabel:`(Booking Name)`: Enter the title for the meeting. The default subject is
  the applicant's name.
- :icon:`fa-clock-o` :guilabel:`(Dates)`: Configure the start and end date and times for the
  meeting. Clicking either of these fields opens a calendar pop-up window. Click on the desired date
  to select it, enter the times in the corresponding fields, then click :guilabel:`Apply`.
- :guilabel:`All Day`: Click the box to schedule an all-day interview. If this box is ticked, the
  :icon:`fa-clock-o` :guilabel:`(Dates)` fields change to display the date only.
- :icon:`fa-user` :guilabel:`(Participants)`: Select the people attending the meeting. The default
  attendees are the prospective candidate, and the assigned recruiters for the job position. Add as
  many other people as desired.
- :icon:`fa-map` :guilabel:`(Location)`: Enter the address for the interview.
- :icon:`fa-video-camera` :guilabel:`(Videocall URL)`: If the meeting is virtual, or if there is a

>   virtual option available, click :icon:`fa-plus` :guilabel:`Video`, and a URL is automatically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :icon:`fa-video-camera` :guilabel:`(Videocall URL)`: If the meeting is virtual, or if a virtual option is available, click :icon:`fa-plus` :guilabel:`Video`, and a URL is automatically
```

  menu. The default options are :guilabel:`Public`, :guilabel:`Private`, and :guilabel:`Only
  internal users`.
- :icon:`fa-sticky-note` :guilabel:`Notes`: Enter any relevant notes in this field. There is an
  option to enter formatted text, such as numbered lists, headings, tables, links, photos, and more.
  Use the powerbox feature, by typing a `/` to reveal a list of options. Scroll through the options
  and click on the desired item. The item appears in the field, and can be modified. Each command
  presents a different pop-up window. Follow the instructions for each command to complete the
  entry.

Once the card details are entered, click :guilabel:`Save` to save the changes and schedule the
interview.

.. image:: schedule_interviews/new-event-small.png
   :alt: The New Event pop-up window coinfigured for an interview.

.. _recruitment/schedule_interviews/more-options:

More options
~~~~~~~~~~~~

To add additional information to the meeting, click the :guilabel:`More Options` button of the
:ref:`New Event <recruitment/schedule_interviews/event-card>` pop-up window. Enter any of the
following additional fields:

> - :guilabel:`Duration`: This field auto populates based on the :guilabel:`Start` (and end) date and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Duration`: This field auto-populates based on the :guilabel:`Start` (and end) date and
```

  time. If the meeting time is adjusted, this field automatically adjusts to the correct duration

>   length. The default length of a meeting is one hour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
time. If the meeting time is adjusted, this field automatically adjusts to the correct duration. The default length of a meeting is one hour.
```

> - :guilabel:`Linked to`: The applicant being interviewed. This field is not able to be modified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Linked to`: The applicant being interviewed. This field cannot be modified.
```
